[Link](https://workdrive.zohopublic.com/writer/open/qsiei72e3a78268604c4f95b7f866f5e336ce)

Trudging alone, I stare up at the night sky without a star in sight. The air feels heavy. Perfect time to drown out the noise, I think to myself. I plug in my earphones and a woman's familiar robotic voice chimes warning me that the battery is low. I ignore her pleas and let Great White's "House of Broken Love" satiate my appetite for grungy blues. My mind wanders off as I feel wet splotches on my arm. My skin erupts with goosebumps as a cold gust makes me shiver. A couple of droplets turn into a drizzle. Part of me wants to stay and endure the coming onslaught of the cold, damp and wet. However, my instincts instantly take over and I find myself seeking refuge under one of the emerald green shelters lining the path. I take my seat on the bench watching the deluge wash away the world's colour. Sitting in quiet contemplation of the bleakness of what seems like life adrift, I hear laughter tearing through the veil of darkness and rain.

Like a deer caught in headlights, I turn in the direction of this... this... distracting yet warm laughter. I see the source of this mirth. I see her. She is on the phone talking excitedly as she's running towards where I'm sitting. Now, a certain famous dialogue from a classic movie (altered to my context of course) echoes through the hollow chambers of my mind; "Of all the benches in all this town in all this world, she chooses mine." She hangs up and plops down on the other end. Her smile lingers for a couple more seconds before that curl becomes a straight line. Not knowing how to react, I pull out my phone and pretend to be busy changing the sound track. "Strangers in the Night", perfect; I think to myself when I catch a glance in my direction through the corner of my eye. Unable to resist, I meet her gaze. Lightning strikes and thunder booms in the heavens above. This is, however, not enough to drown the deafening silence of the moment. She breaks ice with a radiant smile and says, "quite the storm, isn't it?".

For the first time in a long time, I regret not caring enough to groom myself. Shaggy beard and grizzled hair is not a pleasant sight. She, on the contrary, is quite easy on the eyes. Washed makeup and smokey eyes make her more beautiful than she ever could be with all the cosmetics in the world.

"Yes, it is quite dreadful weather", I reply trying to keep a straight face. "Dreadful?! I think it's wonderful. There is nothing more magical than a storm if you ask me. Thunder humbles, lightning awes and rain replenishes vigour and life in parched and weary souls. It is also the time when we seek warmth and comfort. Very romantic!", she finishes with a chuckle and looks away. "Romantic indeed", I say under my breath as I fall prey to her infectious charm. Maybe darkness really is the absence of light, for I felt mine dissipate in her presence. I look at the ground to try and hide the effect she's having on my face. I have to wipe this stupid grin off before she catches me.

A couple of minutes pass with me still staring at concrete tiles as I work up the courage to keep the conversation going. With flushed cheeks and what feels like I'm steaming, my body is doing me no favours. Finally I put thoughts to words. "So, I'm ...", I start and turn to what's now empty space. Fluttering butterflies drop dead. Burning skin turns cold. A big colourful umbrella sheltering two pairs of legs from the downpour move ahead on the path. She still has that spring in her step. He, holding on tight as any man in his right mind would.

"Of course one doesn't just meet on a train and things just click like in my favourite movie. This is real life!", I think out loud sheepishly. I let out a deep sigh and laugh at myself as the track changes. I nod and hum in agreement to Don Mclean as he sings "Empty Chairs" when the woman in my ear rudely interrupts again announcing her departure too.

> Siddharth Prince