The light is dying out now and soon it will be only the dotted night sky, clear and beautiful as Van Gogh's Starry Night without any of the city lights to blot it out. The heat rays that singe my skin lose its bite as I watch the sun slowly fade away over the horizon. At this time of day I like to sit on my trusty rock and think of the proverbial sunset over our human race. The things we'd take for granted all seemed so trivial at that time. Only now when we are forced to live without the "necessities" do I realize the sinful lifestyle we'd lead and how much we can live without. Funny how it mirrors our own life-cycle. You're born and are helpless as an infant, needing constant care and protection. You grow up and live your life and end up finally old and sick, back to being helpless. Mother Earth nurtured us when we were a young species. But now, humanity has grown old and sick and we're withering away. We grew sick with greed and apathy. Maybe Mother Earth grew sick of our ways and unleashed a fever in the form of global warming to eradicate the cancer that we became to ourselves and every living thing on Earth. For we need her to survive but she definitely does not need us. Maybe this was how it was always supposed to be, a life cycle for an entire race and something new evolves from this. But any sense of hope I feel vanishes as I realize that it is almost fully dark now with just the faint glow of an absent sun along the horizon. This faint glow is what remains of us I think to myself. We're the dying embers that remain in the aftermath of the hellfire that was the collapse of the world as we knew it. I am uncertain of what lies ahead, of sickness, of food, of death. Not just mine, but the death of our memories, of knowledge, of legacy for there will eventually be no one left to remember. No one left to think to themselves like I do now of a time of invention and glory. I can see the moon now and it is a full moon, bathing the land in its silver hue and the creatures of the night have begun their orchestra. "We even conquered the moon!", I softly murmur to the ether as I wince with the weight of having to survive to preserve our legacy. A legacy which has now been forever tainted with our greed and self-inflicted oblivion.

> Siddharth Prince