Her face was lit a brilliant orange. "How beautiful she looks in the glow of the morning Sun", I thought to myself as I lay on my side peeking through half closed eyelids at my wife as she tossed to her other side. As the last wisps of sleep cleared and I took a closer look at her, I noticed the orange glow from before was more of a fiery red with odd shapes and shadows dancing up and down her arms. I started to realise it was very hot for what should be a cool morning in our summer cabin near the woods. I coughed as I felt the air getting thicker and suffocating with what smelled like smoke from a fireplace. It all struck me at once as I sat up stupefied with horror at the sight outside my window. The savage dance of light and shadows was from the raging forest fire outside and it had already caught up to our cabin!  
With a loud yell, I shook my wife awake and we immediately darted downstairs to where our two precious children were sleeping. The only thought racing through my mind was to get them to safety. I ran to our 5 year old daughter's room while my wife went for our son who was 8. I kicked the door open to my daughter's room and heard the crackle of wood as the walls of her room started to succumb to the fury of the blaze. I can never forget the image of my panic stricken daughter sitting up on her bed, unable to cry for help as she was wheezing and almost passing out from the smoke. I leapt over the growing streak of red and orange across the floor separating her and me and yanked her away from the room. My wife and son came out of their room which thankfully wasn't as bad. For one final fleeting moment, we looked around helplessly at the house being consumed and engulfed by nature's fury after which we made a beeline for the back door as the front had already fallen prey to the fire. We were shuddering with how much we were coughing due to the swirling smoke and feeling the radiating heat stinging our eyeballs. As I ran out of the door, clutching my wailing daughter firmly, I let out a sigh of relief as I felt fresh air hit my face.  
This was short-lived as I was not prepared for what happened next. I turned around to smile at my wife and son and to say, "We made it!" when frantic screams from my wife pierced my ears over the pandemonium of the fire. Panic struck me as I saw that they hadn't made it out of the house. The now burning and weak wooden floor had given way and my son's leg had fallen through. She had grabbed onto his hand and was desperately trying to pull him up with giant tongues of flame already starting to surround them. I left my daughter and ran towards the door when the roof collapsed and with a sickening groan, the entire cabin along with my hopes and dreams came crashing down. In that moment, the life I knew and loved went up in those very flames. I fell to my knees, head in hands, sobbing uncontrollably like my sweet beautiful daughter would sometimes after a fall. Realising that she would never again feel the warm loving hug of her mother, never be able to lean on her big brother for support broke me. But now, I was all she had left and this realisation helped me steel up and pull myself together. We were still not out of danger from this hellfire. I bolted back to her trembling self and picked up what was left of my entire reason for existence and ran to safety. All I could find myself telling her through my quivering lips was, "I'm so sorry. I'm sorry for having failed you. This world is yours and you deserved better."

> Siddharth Prince